                        CD BootROM Error Codes


When an unrecognized CD or missing CD is detected at boot time, the CD bootrom
displays a CD disc with a flashing question mark.  A multisession CD that is
not encrypted will also result in the flashing question mark.  Other error
conditions as well can cause this to occur.

To determine which error condition has caused the flashing question mark,
use the CD Err Chk Kart.  Just insert the Kart into the cartridge slot without
cycling power.  The Kart will cause a reset, and then display a blue screen
with some diagnostic memory dumps.  On the top line is a hex word labeled
"ErrC".  If the first three digits are "DAFx", then an error was detected
during the previous boot attempt.  The "x" is a code for the error condition.
The following is a table of "x" codes:

0 - Unrecognized CD or Directory read error
1 - "ATRI" header not found on hash track
2 - "ATARI APPROVED.." not found
3 - Hash entry count below minimum
4 - Bad RSA block on hash track
5 - Bad TOC hash
6 - Bad segment hash
7 - Time-out looking for sync before MD5 hash
8 - retry failure (CD ERR) on 1st read of hash track
9 - retry failure (CD ERR) on 2nd read of hash track
A - retry failure (CD ERR) on 3rd (random) hash block
B - retry failure (CD ERR) on 2nd (random) hash block 
C - retry failure (CD ERR) on 1st (boot) hash block 
D - retry failure on load of boot block (before exec)


Nine possible boot screens are randomly selected for display during the boot
process.  The nine are assigned a number from 1-9 and a description of
each is given here:

1- Large "JAGUAR" w/ 8 white-centered blue rotating doilies 
2- Large "JAGUAR" w/ turq/green/yellow point-grid yawing, pitching & rolling
3- Large "JAGUAR" w/ rainbow plasma radiating out from a point to a rectangle
4- Large "JAGUAR" w/ rainbow plasma radiating out from a vertical central bar
5- Large "JAGUAR" w/ rainbow plasma radiating out from a horizontal central bar
6- Large "JAGUAR" w/ rainbow plasma bleeding off the letters
7- Small kinetic rainbow "JAGUAR" on receeding starfield
8- Large "JAGUAR" w/ orangish-red fringed yellow kinetic medallion on starfield
9- Large "JAGUAR" w/ circular counter-rotating white tipped arcs on starfield

Please refer to each of these boot screens by number.
